[Project]
 Make a shell and memory space and opcode hash table

[How to use this program]
 1. To compile, enter 'make' at the command line.
    Then you will get an execution file, '20171290.out'
 2. To execute the program, enter './20171290.out' at the command line.
	Then you can see 'sicsim>'. Now, you are ready to use the program.
 3. There are commands that this program can handle as follows
    (1) 'help' or 'h'
		With this command, you can check all the commands that this program can handle.
    (2) 'dir' or 'd'
		With this command, you can check all files in the current directory.
		If the file is execution file, '*' is appended at the end of the file name.
		If the file is directory file, '/' is appended at the end of the file name.
	(3) 'quit' or 'q'
		With this command, you can terminate the program.
	(4) 'history' or 'hi'
		With this command, you can check all the commands that you enetered.
		If you entered undefined command, that command won't be shown.
	(5) 'dump' or 'du'
		With this command, you can check the memory space.
		a. If you enter only 'dump' or 'du',
		   160 memories will be shown with start 0.
		   And if you enter only 'dump' or 'du' again, next 160 memories will be shown.
		b. If you enter 'dump startadr' or 'du startadr'
		   160 memories will be shown with start startadr.
		c. If you enter 'dump startadr endadr' or 'du startadr endadr',
		   memories from startadr to endadr will be shown.
	(6) 'edit address, newvalue' or 'e address, newvalue'
		With this command, you can change the value in address as newvalue.
	(7) 'fill start, end, newvalue' or 'f start, end, newvalue'
		With this command, you can change the values from address start to address end as newvalue.
	(8) 'reset'
		With this command, you can reset all memories as the value 0.
	(9) 'opcode mnemonic'
		With this command, you can check the opcode of the mnemonic.
	(10) 'opcodelist'
		With this command, you can check the whole opcode of the mnemonic with the form of hash table.

[How to remove the program]
 Enter 'make clean' at the command line.

[Caution of the program]
 1.All commands should be lower case.
   except: address and value (can be both lower and upper case), mnemonic(should be upper case)
 2. All address and values are hexadecimal.
 3. Commands are limited to 100 letters.
